:memo: Updating README with knowns limitation from DD repos testing (#61)
DataDog/osv-scanner: README.md

   1. If you want to test it, check the pre-release box before publishing it
   2. Otherwise, publish it normally and you're all set

## Limitations of OSV-Scanner

> OSV scanner reads package manager dependencies declarations files or their lock files. It means OSV can only scan
> dependencies which are declared using a standard and enforced way in each supported dependency manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OSV scanner reads package manager dependencies declaration files or their lock files. It means OSV can only scan
dependencies which are declared in a standard and enforced way by each supported dependency manager.
```

> We will detail here known limitations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will detail here any known limitations.
```

### NPM / PNPM

> - Only dependencies declared with a version using semver is supported. Versions declared as `file:*` will be filtered

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Only dependencies declared with a version using semver are supported. Versions declared as `file:*` will be filtered out.
```
